Expose the classically controlled PRX gate in Cirq (#147)
iqm-finland/cirq-on-iqm: docs/user_guide.rst

    gates for a particular device. In the example above we don't have them, however it is generally a good idea to run
    decomposition once again after the simplification.

> Clasically Controlled Gates
> ----------------------------
> Some IQM quantum computers support classically controlled gates, that is, gates that are executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classical control
-----------------
Some IQM quantum computers support classically-controlled gates, that is, gates that are executed
```

Just to follow the conventions of Cirq docs https://quantumai.google/cirq/build/classical_control

conditionally depending on the result of a measurement preceding them in the quantum circuit. This
support currently has several limitations:

* Only the ``x``, ``y``, ``rx``, ``ry`` and ``r`` gates can be classically controlled.
* The gates can only be conditioned on one classical bit, and the only control available is to
  apply the gate if the bit is 1, and apply an identity gate if the bit is 0.
* The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the quantum computer.

The classical control can be applied on a circuit operation using :meth:`~cirq.Operation.with_classical_controls`:

.. code-block:: python

    import cirq
    q1, q2 = cirq.NamedQubit('Alice'), cirq.NamedQubit('Bob')
    circuit = cirq.Circuit(cirq.X(q1), cirq.measure(q1, key = 'Alices_Measurement_Register'),
              cirq.X(q2).with_classical_controls('Alices_Measurement_Register'), cirq.measure(q2))
    circuit

::

    Alice: ─────────────────────────X───M───────────
                                        ║
    Bob: ───────────────────────────────╫───X───M───
                                        ║   ║
    Alices_Measurement_Register: ═══════@═══^═══════

> After an `X` gate is applied onto Alice, the measurement is stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After an `X` gate is applied onto `Alice`, the measurement is stored
```

> in Alice's_Measurement_Register. If the result is 1 (which it should always be in this case),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in `Alices_Measurement_Register`. If the result is 1 (which it should always be in this case),
```

another `X` gate is subsequently applied onto Bob. If it is zero, an identity gate of corresponding
duration is applied instead.

> Executing the above circuit should always return `11`, even though Alice and Bob are never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing the above circuit should always return `11`, even though `Alice` and `Bob` are never
```

    gates for a particular device. In the example above we don't have them, however it is generally a good idea to run
    decomposition once again after the simplification.

Classical control
-----------------

> Some IQM quantum computers support classically-controlled gates, that is, gates that are executed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Some IQM quantum computers support classically-controlled gates, that is, gates that are executed
```

conditionally depending on the result of a measurement preceding them in the quantum circuit. This
support currently has several limitations:

> * Only the ``x``, ``y``, ``rx``, ``ry`` and ``r`` gates can be classically controlled.

Reviewer 2: Cirq has no `r` gate, here it's called PhasedRXPowGate

Reviewer 2: Also the other gate names should be fixed to match the Cirq conventions.

* The gates can only be conditioned on one classical bit, and the only control available is to
  apply the gate if the bit is 1, and apply an identity gate if the bit is 0.
* The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the quantum computer.

> The classical control can be applied on a circuit operation using :meth:`~cirq.Operation.with_classical_controls`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The classical control can be applied on an operation using :meth:`~cirq.Operation.with_classical_controls`:
```
In Cirq CircuitOperation is a different class, so to avoid confusion

.. code-block:: python

    import cirq

>     q1, q2 = cirq.NamedQubit('Alice'), cirq.NamedQubit('Bob')
>     circuit = cirq.Circuit(cirq.X(q1), cirq.measure(q1, key = 'Alices_Measurement_Register'),
>               cirq.X(q2).with_classical_controls('Alices_Measurement_Register'), cirq.measure(q2))
>     circuit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    q1, q2 = cirq.NamedQubit('Alice'), cirq.NamedQubit('Bob')
    circuit = cirq.Circuit(
        cirq.X(q1),
        cirq.measure(q1, key = 'A'),
        cirq.X(q2).with_classical_controls('A'),
        cirq.measure(q2),
    )
    print(circuit)
```
The measurement keys should not be called registers IMO, because the actual qubits in them can overlap. This is a more general system than in Qiskit.

::

    Alice: ─────────────────────────X───M───────────
                                        ║
    Bob: ───────────────────────────────╫───X───M───
                                        ║   ║
    Alices_Measurement_Register: ═══════@═══^═══════

After an `X` gate is applied onto `Alice`, the measurement is stored
in `Alices_Measurement_Register`. If the result is 1 (which it should always be in this case),
another `X` gate is subsequently applied onto `Bob`. If it is zero, an identity gate of corresponding
duration is applied instead.

Executing the above circuit should always return `11`, even though `Alice` and `Bob` are never
actually entangled.

.. note::

>    Because the gates can only take feedback from one classical bit you must place the measurement result
>    in a 1-bit classical register, ``Alices_Measurement_Register`` in the above example. The measurement
>    key used as the classical control must also be unique - running a classically controlled operation
>    where the condition is a key that is used to measure multiple qubits will result in an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Because classically controlled gates can currently only take feedback from one classical bit you must condition
   them on a measurement key that only measures a single qubit.
```

    gates for a particular device. In the example above we don't have them, however it is generally a good idea to run
    decomposition once again after the simplification.

Classical control
-----------------

Some IQM quantum computers support classically-controlled gates, that is, gates that are executed
conditionally depending on the result of a measurement preceding them in the quantum circuit. This
support currently has several limitations:

* Only the ``PhasedXPowGate``, ``XPowGate`` and ``YPowGate`` gates can be classically controlled.

> * The gates can only be conditioned on one classical bit, and the only control available is to
>   apply the gate if the bit is 1, and apply an identity gate if the bit is 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The gates can only be conditioned on the measurement result of a single qubit, and the only control available
  is to apply the gate if the result is 1, and apply an identity gate if the result is 0.
```

* The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the quantum computer.

The classical control can be applied on an operation using :meth:`~cirq.Operation.with_classical_controls`:

.. code-block:: python

    import cirq
    q1, q2 = cirq.NamedQubit('Alice'), cirq.NamedQubit('Bob')
    circuit = cirq.Circuit(
        cirq.X(q1),
        cirq.measure(q1, key='A'),
        cirq.X(q2).with_classical_controls('A'),
        cirq.measure(q1, q2, key='final'),
    )
    print(circuit)

::

    Alice: ─────────────────────────X───M───────────
                                        ║
    Bob: ───────────────────────────────╫───X───M───
                                        ║   ║

>     Alices_Measurement_Register: ═══════@═══^═══════

Reviewer 2: The output here needs to match the code.

> After an `X` gate is applied on `Alice`, the qubit is measured and the result is stored

Reviewer 2: also elsewhere.

* Only the ``PhasedXPowGate``, ``XPowGate`` and ``YPowGate`` gates can be classically controlled.
* The gates can only be conditioned on the measurement result of a single qubit, and the only control available is to
  apply the gate if the result is 1, and apply an identity gate if the result is 0.
* The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the quantum computer.

The classical control can be applied on an operation using :meth:`~cirq.Operation.with_classical_controls`:

.. code-block:: python

    import cirq
    q1, q2 = cirq.NamedQubit('Alice'), cirq.NamedQubit('Bob')
    circuit = cirq.Circuit(
        cirq.X(q1),
        cirq.measure(q1, key='A'),
        cirq.X(q2).with_classical_controls('A'),
        cirq.measure(q1, q2, key='final'),
    )
    print(circuit)

::

    Alice: ───X───M───────M('final')───
                  ║       │
    Bob: ─────────╫───X───M────────────
                  ║   ║
    A: ═══════════@═══^════════════════

After an ``X`` gate is applied on ``Alice``, the qubit is measured and the result is stored
in the key `A`. If the result is one (which it should always be in this case),

> another `X` gate is subsequently applied on `Bob`. If it is zero, an identity gate of corresponding

Reviewer 3: Inconsistent quote delimitation. Unsure if this is on purpose.
